docs: review all production guidance (#1252)
ministryofjustice/moj-frontend: docs/production/setting-up-javascript.md

You should use an automated task or your build pipeline to copy the files, so your project folder stays up to date when updates to MoJ Frontend and GOV.UK Frontend are released.

## Import JavaScript using a bundler

If you decide to import using a bundler like [Rollup](https://rollupjs.org/) or [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/), the bundled JavaScript files must be added using `<script type="module">` in your HTML:

```html
<script type="module" src="/javascripts/application.min.js"></script>
```

We encourage the use of ECMAScript (ES) modules, but you should check your bundler does not unnecessarily downgrade modern JavaScript for unsupported browsers.

If you decide to import using a bundler, use `import` to import jQuery and all of the design systems’s components, then run the `initAll` functions to initialise them:

```mjs
import * as MOJFrontend from '@ministryofjustice/frontend'
import * as GOVUKFrontend from 'govuk-frontend'
import $ from 'jquery'

window.$ = $
GOVUKFrontend.initAll()
MOJFrontend.initAll()
```

### Initialise individual components

> Rather than using `initAll`, you can initialise individual components by identifying them with their `data-module` attribute. For example, to initialise just the [Password reveal](/components/password-reveal/) component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than using `initAll`, you can initialise individual components by identifying them with their `data-module` attribute. For example, to initialise just the [Date picker](/components/date-picker/) component:

```html
<script>
  var DatePicker = window.MOJFrontend.DatePicker
  var $datePicker = document.querySelector(
    '[data-module="moj-date-picker"]'
  )
  if ($datePicker) {
    new DatePicker($datePicker)
  }
</script>
```
```
